New maintainer guide (#4472)
jenkinsci/jenkins: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. Fill in the Pull Request description according to the [proposed template].
5. Click _Create Pull Request_
6. Wait for CI results/reviews, process the feedback.
  * If you do not get feedback after 3 days, feel free to ping `@jenkinsci/core-pr-reviewers` to CC.

>   * Usually we merge pull requests after 2 votes from reviewers and some feedback timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Usually we merge pull requests after 2 approvals from reviewers, no requested changes, and having waited some more time to give others an opportunity to provide more feedback.
```
